
This project is for a group tdd excersize using the Bowling Game Kata (http://butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.TheBowlingGameKata)

You will need:
 A group of people (even number is better)
 A moderator
 PHP5
 PHPUnit

Break the group up into pairs.  If there is an odd number of people, the moderator can be part of a pair.
In each pair, one person will start as the Tester, and the other will start as the Implementor

Step 1: Requirement
Moderator: Provide the Tester only in each pair with the next requirement
Try to minimize talking within the pairs until step 4.  But please talk as much is as needed to get
 over implementation hurdles when someone gets stuck

Step 2: Red
Tester: Write a single unit test for that requirement
 * Focus on FIRST
 * Focus on AAA
 * Make your test as descriptive as possible

Step 3: Green
Implementor: Make the test pass
 * Write as little code as possible - no more than the test demands
 * Do it as quickly as possible - your top priority is to return the build to green
If the implementation takes longer than 5 minutes:
 * Revert the test
 * Refactor the implementation to pass all previous tests with a focus on enabling the
   implementation of the next test

Step 4: Refactor
At this point, the members of each pair may smeak to each other
Discuss potential refactorings
Implement refactorings together
Ensure the build does not go red
Do NOT change the scope of any test at this time
No implementation or test function should be over 5-10 lines of code

Step 5: Repeat
Each pair should repeat steps 2-4 until they have fully implemented the requirement provided
Existing tests may be altered if they are not useful
New tests may be added

Step 6: Commit
Commit your code
At this point the moderator can pause the entire group and host a discussion about anything the
pairs would like to discuss.
Return to Step 1

Conclusion:
Reflect on the evolution of the tests and implementation
Rotate testers through other groups, so everyone has a new partner, switch roles, and repeat



Requirements:

 * Roll a gutter game. Score should be 0
 * Roll all 1s. Score should be 20
 * Roll all a spare on the first frame, then one more ball, then all 0s. Score should be 10 plus two
    times the additional ball
 * Roll all a strike on the first frame, then two more balls (not a spare), then all 0s.  Score
    should be 10 plus two times the next two balls
 * Roll a perfect game of 12 strikes. Score should be 300
 * Roll a near-perfect game of 11 strikes and a 9. Score should be 298

